OK so now what you're going to do we going to try to fetch the data inside this card detail you're going
to do that right now.
So if you remember I had a Inside the actions.
Let me just close all of this because you know it can get confusing for you and confusing for me.
So I'm going to open the actions just the actions index and then the car to the car.
So right here we have an action that it's going to do a request going to fetch some data from the server
and then it can just cancel logging the request.
This will return a promise but just to check that we are calling it did the action create are just fine.
I'm going to call the component will mount and just trigger that action.
Remember that whenever we use bank bind action creators we add this action.
The card detail action is going to be a level inside this that prompts that card detail.
So I was going to say this that prompts dot Cardy card detail and says we need an ID and we have the
ID right here.
I'm just going to pass the ID Breguet.
So if I go to the home I go to forward.
I click my stand.
We get a promise my Here let me just make it bigger get a promise.
It means that it's working.
I'm going to delete this because we don't need it.
And now what I'm going to do what we need to do is we need to know that we need to create or reduce
her to take this data and update the state.
OK.
We're going to have a problem with this because let me show you first.
Let's do it in the bad way.
And after we understand the bad way to do it we can do it on a different way.
We're going to change it.
So OK first I'm going to go to the reducers to the car which is her right here to the let's go to the
next now.
So card with her.
That's good.
So OK.
The thing is that whenever we call the producers we can switch and search for a type the type that we
have inside here.
It's going to be card detail.
So OK I'm going to go inside the reducer and create a new case for this and this one is going to return
an action that payload.
Right.
Same thing same code.
The only thing the know difference it's going to be the type.
Right.
OK.
Let's good.
So now if I just go back reload the page I go to Ford and click on Mustang.
And before that I'm going to go to the gym right here to the container to the car's container and I'm
just going to cancel a lot of the state to make sure that we get one car instead of four cars.
OK so I'm going to go for it.
Ok we get the list of cars and right here we have an array of four carts.
That's the first reducer.
That one is working.
If I click a Mustang OK.
Going to do something else of course.
And then we have a car array of one and this one should be the Mustang and it's going to be the Mustang
for sure.
That's good.
So this means that it's working.
Now if you notice you're storing everything inside cars.
Inside the same key the thing is that if I go back we have the same state you know and this is the problem
because we are storing all the information inside cars so whenever we search for cars we have the same
one with four cars.
And then we are using the same one to retrieve only one one car so that one is not going to work just
fine.
So one way to do it is going to be creating one reducer for all seasons.
Right here we are storing everything inside cars.
What we can do is create a new one but it's going to be car detail just like that.
I'm going to create a new reducer that is going to be car detail car detail non-jazz and right here
I can take just copy all of this and put it right here going to delete the search cars because we don't
need it.
And inside the car reducer are going to search.
I'm going to delete the card detail.
So we're going to have just two reducers one for the search cars and one for the car detail now inside
here get a copy is going to go back and I'm going to say this import the car detail from and then car
detail right.
That's right.
There's one more thing we need to do right here.
Whenever we call the inside the car the component we are setting the stage right here.
This one should be equal to car detail so redux is going to make this dispatch.
It's going to go to the action going to fetch the information right here is going to return the card
the tail is going to flow through all the reducers and it's going to find a match inside card detail.
It's going to return it of course.
And inside the reducer it's going to store the information inside something that calls card detail now
from inside the component we have access to card detail right here because this one is equal to state
card detail.
So if we call the card detail we can have the information right there.
It's a forward we get cards and card detail a rate of zero.
And that is good right here.
Right here cars for card detail it's empty.
And if I click a Mustang good.
We have cars array for in card detail array of one that's good.
And if we go back we have all the cars because this rendering from cars and not car detail and you know
it works that's fine.
But there is still one problem.
This is just a tiny application so this could work.
The problem is that most of the time you're going to use regex for applications where you need to use
applications to create applications and handle lots of data.
So if you had to create one reducer and one file for each reducer that you create or just one for each
you know you can have a prong it's going to be really hard to maintain it's going to be a problem.
So what we advise when actually redux advise is for you to use an object OK to store it in instead of
raw and re use an object.
And for example if you're talking about cars use one cars and store everything related to cars inside
an object.
If you have users store all the information inside an object.
For users if you have news whatever news store all the news inside use no one reducer for the same type
of information.
So this is good.
This works but we're going to change it to.
To use an object.
Let's go to the next section and see how to fix this state.